fix: update section headings to align with v1 documentation (#1343)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/api/authentication/user-profile/get-user-info.mdx

<ResponseField name="nickname" type="string">
  The user's nickname.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="preferred_username" type="string">
  The user's preferred username.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="profile" type="string">
  URL of the user's profile page.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="picture" type="string">
  URL of the user's profile picture.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="website" type="string">
  URL of the user's website.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="email" type="string">
  The user's email address.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="email_verified" type="boolean">
  Whether the user's email address has been verified.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="gender" type="string">
  The user's gender.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="birthdate" type="string">
  The user's date of birth.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="zoneinfo" type="string">
  The user's time zone.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="locale" type="string">
  The user's locale.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="phone_number" type="string">
  The user's phone number.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="phone_number_verified" type="boolean">

>   Whether the user's phone number has been verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Indicates whether the user's phone number has been verified.
```

</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="address" type="object">
  The user's address.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="updated_at" type="integer">

>   Time the user's information was last updated, in Unix time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The time of the user's last information update, in Unix time.
```
